# english_analysis: roadmap
- Exploratory data analysis of the sample of volunteers. Age, region, quality of studies, job situation. A clear description of the people who filled the survey.
- Exploratory data analysis (and/or text mining) for questions "13. How do you define a “career”?", "14. What do you think will be the main changes in the future of work?", "17. What is the most important skills required to successfully make a career transition?", "18. How do you think these skills can be developed?", "19. Do you think that transformations in the workplace will have a positive impact to promote labour equity in terms of age, gender, and in other aspects?"
- Exploratory data analysis (and/or text mining) for questions "20. What is the most important system of education and skills training", "21. In what ways can the participation of immigrants and refugees affect the labour market", "22. In the Country where you currently reside, what is the most important action that ca", "23. In the Country where you currently reside, what is the most important role that the GOVERNMENT" , "24. In the Country where you currently reside, what is the most important role that  BUSINESS should play in the future of work? ", "25. In the Country where you currently reside, what is the most important role that CIVIL SOCIETY should play in the future of work?"
- Workshift migration analysis. A matrix that indicates the actual job of people by row and the desired one by column. Highlight major migrators. Build a Gephi graph where each node is a job and the links is weighted by the number of people who wants to migrate.

